Added the project (#141)
Codesee-io/oss-port: projects/dracarys18/TweetBot.mdx

---
name: TweetBot
repoUrl: https://github.com/dracarys18/TweetBot

> description: A telegram bot to stream tweets from twitter to telegram

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: A Telegram Bot to Stream the tweets from any account from Twitter to your telegram channel.

```

languages: # A list of programming languages used in this project
  - Python
tags: # A list of keywords relevant to the contributors for this project
  - First Timer Friendly
  - Tools
avatar: (optional) The name of an image in the project's directory, like "avatar.png". This will appear on the project card contributors see when searching for a project.
featuredMap: # (optional) A CodeSee Map to serve as a visual starting point for contributors
  url: https://app.codesee.io/maps/public/74da8940-21e1-11ec-921e-6d460d7c194e
learnLinks: # (optional) A list of links to support new contributors in learning about your project and tech stack and culture / community
  - title: Learn Python
    url: https://docs.python.org/3/
---

<!-- Divide your content into sections using our handy shortcodes. Each section is optional -->

<Overview>

> Well This is a telegram bot which uses Twitter API v1.1 to stream Tweets from Twitter to a telegram channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a telegram bot that uses Twitter API v1.1 to stream Tweets from Twitter to a Telegram channel. Visit [This Telegram Channel](https://t.me/notachannelyouwannavisitv2) to see how the bot works.

```

</Overview>

<Contributing>

> Any sort of Contribution is welcome. It currently needs to be rewritten for API V2 and needs some improvements. You can see more informations about it in the issue section of the Repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any sort of contribution is welcome. The bot currently needs to be rewritten for API V2 and needs some improvements. You can see more information about it in the issue section of the repo.

```
